docs: note about strict in TS (#1576)
posva/pinia: packages/docs/core-concepts/state.md

## TypeScript

> You don't need to do much in order to make your state compatible with TS. Option of TS ["noImplicitThis"](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#noImplicitThis) should be enabled, if enabled option ["strict"](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#strict), ["noImplicitThis"](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#noImplicitThis) automatically enabled. Pinia will infer the type of your state automatically but there are a few cases where you should give it a hand with some casting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need to do much in order to make your state compatible with TS: make sure [`strict`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#strict), or at the very least, [`noImplicitThis`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#noImplicitThis), are enabled and Pinia will infer the type of your state automatically! However, there are a few cases where you should give it a hand with some casting:
```
